DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/go-agent/instrumentation/instrument-go-segments.mdx

  - Agents
  - Go agent
  - Instrumentation

> metaDescription: 'With APM's Go agent, you can set up segments, which measure the timing of specific blocks of code in your Golang app.'

Reviewer: Removing the `''` stops this page erroring, but the error is being thrown for a few other pages as well so you'll need to check all the changed pages that have a pattern like this

```suggestion
metaDescription: With APM's Go agent, you can set up segments, which measure the timing of specific blocks of code in your Golang app.
```

Author: Thanks! Will do!
